[Music] [Applause] [Music]
of an English
[Applause] [Music]
oh yeah welcome back to Lady Babylon Wednesday
night bible study it's so nice to have you here I know that we have Jude loaded
in the cannon ready to go so I will not waste your time tonight we're going to
work our way through a little bit of baudelaire um but just as a whiff for us to have a
perfume and then we will call up some ghosts and I'm gonna just give you
your first taste of a deposition of a deposition so
um we're to tax this remember we're here for a reason and tonight on lady Babylon
[Music]
yes yes I didn't want to start the fire so quickly
um but I want you to know hey it's going to be hot tonight I'm gonna be talking dressing directly on all of those of you
who are unsatisfied You Know Who You Are talking to you I'm talking to you
wives Protestants and Catholics alike I'm talking to you
yes tonight we're going to begin with putting these people in the place
where they must be as we sit Atop The Throne yes is that
nice welcome you didn't you didn't think that I was gonna leave off the stuff
about the slaves did you yes welcome welcome to tonight's
slave auction fantastic this is gonna be fantastic set
the stage for us will ya will you Chewie Chewie's gonna zip us right ahead I want you guys to absorb this this is this is
gonna give you a little cerebral tickling little right images in the right places hit a tree
[Music]
Stories the juicier the better [Music]
but please don't talk to me
I got one judge I don't need two please do whatever
I feel sorry for you oh that's gonna be a little hard to do
[Music]
out on the back roads inside the forbidden zone foreign
[Applause] [Music] [Applause]
[Music] you're overseer is back your overseer is
back and guess what if you are a woman he wants you
to submit he wants you to submit right so I'm standing with the Watchers and we're
trying to understand this guys we're really trying to understand this but you've got a guy where'd he go Paul get
over here yeah I know it hurts but that's the way it is you signed up for this
now tell me something Paul tell me something Paul stop crying stop crying Paul
yeah yeah that's that's where we are
you know we've got Paul the Apostle here and he belongs to us and he is saying
if you are a dudette do not apply
right right and now that we have mixed I mean
some some women stepped up and became teachers
and now we have a problem we have a problem because you see the
whole cult as reformed by Paul his particular brand
flavor and it runs through Catholicism when it runs through protestantism
it runs through all the isms love it it runs through that girl sitting on her
bed praying Jesus Jesus I love you and I know that you died for my sins
Jesus it runs through her it runs through her
right through her
ladies get out of the market says Saint Paul
I don't let any woman teach over me
yeah I don't appoint any of them nope no women you got women what does it say
from the time says the handsome women who stepped up right says they had some women who
stepped up and Paul didn't like it Paul didn't like it but this is the Divine
word of God it's the Divine word of God so what are we to believe nothing we're
just going to look at what the actual words say that's all we're going to take from that now I'm gonna set us up here
one more time we gotta go through one more wave we're not quite there yet we're going back but we're not quite
there yet um Jude's waiting in the wings right he's afraid now because of what I've
been doing he knows that I'm going to take you on a way of Cain this is so great you guys you uh everybody buckle
up do you remember those wandering Stars
that we found back there with those mithras when we took that little girl up
for her initiation do you remember that and do you remember what she said she opened her hand she said what
one of those wandering Stars right one of the wandering Stars today
you're gonna see that as it was called by the reformers the
way of Cain the way of Cain imagine that another mystery operating
simultaneously the way of Cain it's got some we got some angels here
and they're always they're always good looking right right always good looking
they see the daughters next thing you know right you've got a whole group of giants
so that's where we're going hit us with the Chewie with uh another video here I
wanna I wanna bring in a poet now he's welcome right we welcome poets people
have been asking about you know who we welcome or you know what's going on
there's spies and anti-spies and this and that we've come today to assembly
Congregation of Satan we've come today and in our assembly
have snuck embedded themselves into our skin like
oil they have embedded themselves they're here around us
they have no shame they have no shame it's these I want you
to be aware of [Music] and to know not to follow their pornea
wait what you had me up until Borneo
um these are things they're doing in the cult right yeah yeah get up here chuck
chuck you eat we're gonna have to go right now or hit it
[Music]
foreign [Music]
[Laughter] [Music]
[Laughter]
[Music] drag him down you know it goes without
saying that if the Angel of the Morning
star if Lucifer himself can be drugged down
presumably you know who is in that seat yeah I'm
not talking about the great mother but I'm not talking about the great mother and we have to remember those of you
sitting there right a very large percentage of You by the
way shout out to my peeps in Israel that I haven't spoken to in a long time but I
wish I were there partying I really do I really do that Purim where I ended up in
the dress yeah you know you know how England gets represented
bro you know how it is but no I I go too far afield
um we're we're finding out the infiltrators in Jude right we're finding out the infiltrators
so Chuck baudelaire is going to help us to do that because Chuck baudelaire
knows being a dragon the way of Cain
the way of Cain and tonight that's where we need to go that's where the dissatisfied
right that's where the dissatisfied housewife of the Southern Baptist
preacher that's why she has to have some kind of Mystery
that enables her to find that
orgasmos yeah that right
that place yeah that's what we're looking at you cannot avoid it
this is pagan you're gonna hear about some drugs now and you're going to hear about some
intercourse and you're going to hear about some
some ancient ritual that may make you feel queasy
and they make you feel queasy tonight I want to try something new
we have a clip for you what I have done is I've set up
um I have set up a deposition
for anyone interested this is an official deposition a court deposition in a case where it appears that I was
the plaintiff appears I was a plaintiff yes certain things have been redacted
foreign of the innocent involved
yeah definitely definitely and tonight I want to bring you a section of that so I'm going to
set the setting here um it is Professor suing University for
false termination after the American Association of University professors
sent to delegation to investigate and they came to the conclusion that I was
falsely terminated yeah and Saint Mary's went on the top 10
schools for lacking any concern for free speech of USA Today
right I want to play you this clip I have now come to the office building we
have been fighting this war for three years to get them to turn over email to
us that's concerning me that they're refusing to do under court order they're
refusing to do it and we're pushing pushing pushing to get the court to kick
in and give us this access we're right up at that point now it's time for my deposition
I drive 12 hours 12 hours to a deposition
yeah yeah and this was some of the questioning some of the questioning
we'll be talking more in the future about sacraments and about accusations I
just want you to know this is a Catholic University
with a very strong Catholic Brothers
um Seminary and diocesal magnificence of the
of the beauty and pageantry yeah it was the
it was a deal after I was investigated me for demon possession without me being
there this is what I want to bring you cut it let's see the uh let's see the clip and
if it comes out well great both believe it was unjust so we talked
about how the response the response from professors other professors and the fear
and the climate at St Mary's a lot of professors have approached or several professors I should say have approached
blank and acknowledged that we're sorry we're afraid to stand up for Hillman
because the administration is so heavy-handed and we'll fire them
but that has nothing to do with your case right no I think that's everything
in my case no it's not what's your case about my case is about Saint Mary's
attempting to convince a student that I had raped her and she knew told them
that I had not and this case is about their attempt paint me as a
so that they could get rid of me which student is that blank
is your case about anything else I would say my case is about freedom of speech
and freedom of religion but about the tendency to try to stifle things
from ancient literature that make us uncomfortable because of our current religious
perspective explain what to you
so because of our judeo-christian heritage culture
some of the things that the Greeks and Romans believes and followed and the ways that they set up their society we
find them hard to understand so we try to stifle their teaching in
order to make ourselves more comfortable and I believe it's my duty to these
ancient texts to the Muse sure okay
I believe it's my duty to reveal these texts or teach these texts to students
does that explain it what is it that you're trying to teach the students
institutions not necessarily Saint Mary's but generally estheticians find difficult
well I'm not trying to teach them anything I want to give them Cicero I want to
give them Herodotus trying to teach them the authors I don't
have an agenda except to give the students the materials so they can say oh
this is what Cicero says about government or this is what thucydides says about
tyranny well this is what euripides says about greed
my job is not to teach belief or an ideal or a philosophy I'm not a
theologian my job is to open up Greek and Latin texts and say this is what they say you
have an issue issue with corporate greed correct
I don't have an issue like it I tend to Parrot Antiquities
understanding that greed is the one Vice that will destroy Civic Society Civil
Society excuse me believe that Vice is penetrated into the
educational institutions yes
okay that was enlightening a section just a section of
a seven and a half hour deposition in which I was
um brought to a crescendo of a lawyer screaming at me
that whether or not asking me are you pen right repeatedly right I'm laughing at
this point right I'm like this who right where's the did somebody put the thing
in the you know is there a cop somewhere with something somebody is he passing out those cups again
oh my goodness people are going nuts right it's gorgeous it's gorgeousness and
gorgeousity all wrapped up into one as you see the
slavery there are those who have embedded themselves with us as Jude they snuck in
they have snuck in yeah yeah fantastic fantastic next time on
our on our look at the deposition will will look at a young Professor talking
about sacramental drugs and the opposition to such such chatter
yes fantastic it's historical Beauty it's it the the date is December 5th
2018 but it might as well be December 8th
1313. you know what I mean it's gorgeous it's gorgeous and it gets intense
so I don't want to make people you know let people let me know people if this is something if you want more of this if
you want more of this fantastic love it I absolutely love it um just an answer by the way for those
of you who have asked I am not monetized yes somebody was saying he wants your
money I don't want your money right for all
the frustration for all the frustration of the wives the
wives of the Protestant preachers yes for all their frustrations
be quiet sit down close your mouth I
don't allow a woman to teach welcome back Paul
welcome back Paul you are quite the misogynist sir did you
hear that did you hear that oh my goodness let's
get some uh this is too much this is too much um can we hit that one more time I wanna
here's what I want to do I'm about to bring the text up for Jude and I'm gonna show you for those of you here for this
I'm gonna show you those wandering Stars and be like what and I'm gonna show you
them in operation before we get there I just want to one more time set the mood
I want you to take a look and absorb the imagery connected with the way of Cain
Fire baudelaire's Spirit
[Music]
thank you [Music]
foreign
[Music]
Here Comes Here Comes the first wave in Jude is going to give it to us now
tonight I just want to the meat of what we're looking at to be thrown in front of you I'm gonna have my own
I'm gonna have just my own little book it's just it's I'm sorry it wasn't all
the mic up there I'm just gonna have my own little book it is not computer worthy it's just pages but I
prefer this and a lot of you do too so it's kind of yummy so there was the
grade for those of you who want to see it there was the Greek and by the way coming up on Sunday we have been given
another um hand down from the trans-dimensional court so we'll be doing another one of
those and we'll be working our way up remember work up up up up
wonderful in the organization you know how those indictments go it's the
pinnacle when you reach that top of the line
yeah this is the one where the buck stops right so it's fantastic when you finally
reach that Pinnacle you've got that excitement because you've got a question
as a society yeah you've got one question at that point
you're gonna honor Lady Justice or not yeah
and shame on you if you don't if you don't honor Lady Justice
above whom stands no man if you don't honor her
you lose goodbye goodbye democracy enjoy it the Watchers the odds are not
on us right they're not on us everybody's saying it's about to go okay
here I'll stop I'll stop it's like him pontificating I'm sorry for that people
I don't want to waste your time Judas is a doulas Jewish Judas the slave
I'm just going to translate this oh throw in my own but I'll leave the Greek out yeah Jude
slave Jesus Christ brother Jacob
to those loved in God the Father
and kept in Jesus Christ
yeah guarded and called called
you are called women stay quiet
stay quiet do you like that do you like being silenced you do it's strangely odd isn't it isn't
it that you would like being silenced I think he was right last time I think that whole whip thing was uh
somebody wanted that it's very strange very strange yeah
um typical grading yeah Mercy to you and love you know peace let them be filled
brother ride oh my beloved I was gonna make haste to write to you about the
comments about the common salvation right but a necessity is you know put me
on another track now to write to you right oh my God to write to you about
what about exhorting
you to struggle in the faith the Holy Faith that was once delivered
to you I'm gonna have to struggle on something huh yeah okay well that's fine
what's the struggle over brother four certain people
have snuck in these are people
who were indicted long time ago as the awesome base as those who have no
Saba those who have no Saba you're coming in wait what side are we
on we're on the side of the Sabbat
yeah Saba baby
you like that you like those sounds coursing through the air yeah yeah
what am I doing when i'm doing the Saba recognizing what am I recognizing I'm
recognizing the Gods recognizing them
what is that it's worship it's worship how do you think you get these things to
work without some form of worship we know that the universe is based on that
you know it's based upon some fabric of information yeah
yeah transferring that information it's just Communications don't some make a
big deal about it so now he's writing to them these people have snuck in right and uh you know it's been written down
that the you know what are they doing they're going they're creating us so yeah they're creating the
wantonness does anybody wanting out there uh can we bring that any further forward
than Victoria and England we can try
sexual excitation due to religious fervor
isn't that nice isn't that nice sexual excitation due to religious
fervor that's having the experience that's why we don't have the frustration
right it's why we have Helen and we don't have frustration all right you guys you just didn't get
it right as soon as you take out the temples the Aphrodite you're gonna
crumble you're not gonna have any Democratic influence whatsoever
whatsoever she was maintaining that divide she was maintaining it historically and you guys shot it down
you got shot down no one of the Oracle died yeah that's it
that's it no more for you this is sad makes me sad let's keep reading because
this is It's Gonna you know kind of get crazy he says he wants to remind them
you know he says knowing that at one time at one time Jesus Christ
took you out of Egypt wait what who did
Jesus did
Jesus Christ took some people out of Egypt yeah and what did he do after he
took him out of Egypt on this excursion what did he do
he uh killed him wait wait I'm sorry he said stop
he did what he did what he killed him
why because they turned around decided his junk did not fly with them
yeah so he killed them all welcome to Jesus Christ
uh if you didn't know that this was in Jude it's because every sermon that you
go look up right now the popular ones that get sixty thousand hits
um at a time and within a week let's say those I don't know if you don't think that's popular then you know I don't
know I think that's a lot of people when that happens
when that word gets out there there's no penetration of the reality that's in the
text there is a fairy tale if you watch sermons and people are always asking me
well not always but they've asked me why do you listen to them
this stuff why do you listen to Jewel Osteen number one because it's great
great entertainment but these are historical data points
that you can trace what's happening now and predict what's happening in what's
you expect to happen in the future yeah it's very oracular process it's
fantastic but you have to you have to go to the elements for it so that's what
they're doing they're diving in these people that come up into their Agape Feast did you know that Romans were
arresting Christians for agape face that he's talking about
where we're going to and you say why amen why would you bring that up
because I find it interesting that the Romans would find themselves in
the positions they administrate their empire that they would find themselves in a
position that they have to break up certain gatherings certain religious
gatherings for treasonous activity and for mothers having sex with
their children to the Romans that was completely off right you want to have
your orguia you want to have your orgies your religious performances you know
where the Arches are you know where the temples are where all of that stuff is done
right there's no reason to hide it anywhere the women who started the power
through wait who was it who was that lady who
brought the Latin she brought Latin she brought Latin she had Greek but she
brought Latin to Rome before there was this hot on the place
yeah she brought Latin so that those people
could write their own language Out imagine her you know what they call her
they call her the Roman Muse carminta carminta the Roman Muse and and what
what was she in Nigeria what did they first do what was their cult this oldest
of oldest of cults right this oldest of Colts
of the Muse what what did they bring what did they bring they brought that
Oracle they brought that Oracle and with it they built civilization
whether they built civilization and they did so as
what was her occupation I'm sorry I couldn't hear that what was her occupant yeah midwife
Midwife the drugs always go back to the midwives right they always go back to
the midwives the oldest ones so we have caught people this is designed by and
for midwives to create
civilization this is the stew of the Bronze Age
this is the stew and this is what we're seeing reflected through these sources
even through this guy yeah even through Jude even through Jude
now we were just with Jesus Ryan Jesus was bringing people out of Egypt and
then they turned against them so Jesus killed them all right it's what Jude says don't look at me and say Moses
right we all know his name comes from the muse yeah who do you think has the snake on
the pole right what you're telling me Judaism there's a Bronze Age mystery cult yes
yes Judaism developed from older cultures as
far back as the calcolithic pulaskians performing the ritual
yeah which turns out involves a lot a lot of drugs and it ends up staining the
language with all the drugs that it's using right fantastic okay let me just
there was a couple of more things I don't want to take up too much of your time I just wanted to bring it uh
together and I wanted you to know
that our warning is you know
the Angels right so you've got Lucifer who is the most beautiful right and he
takes down with him a third right a third of the other angels with
him and everybody knows that here where you and I are this is Satan's belongs to
him yeah belongs to him and even that little
even that guy Michael take that down for a second this is one of the most disgraceful
right acts he is a who am I am I the accuser tonight I am
um it was about the body of Moses it was about the body of Moses
and the funny thing was Heaven didn't get possession of it because Michael was sent
to do a job and didn't do it and why Michael because Michael was scared bro
when you have angels in your enforcers
who are scared you got problems bro dragon dragon fears nobody
but Medea fears nobody but that Queen
Dragon fears nobody but that queen that he serves isn't that nice oh that's nice I love
that I love that and that's why you get it preserved over time you get the mystery preserved over time
so I want to bring that out and I want to point you to the way of Cain
yeah I want to point you to the way of Kane and along the path to the way of Cain
is that place called Sodom and Gomorrah Sodom and Gomorrah and you'll be
watching the sermons on Jude and you won't get this
you won't get it at all notice that he said what kind of people are these they come into your assemblies
ooze their way in how do they how do these people get in there all right what
kind of people are they well he tells us they're the kind of
people that enter into dream oracles yeah what
these are people who get vision oh these are people who are going
through those rights yes yes people the mystery of anomia is in operation
right it is working there are people who are doing it and this group is fighting
that group yeah you have an opposition it's
gorgeous the cult history is fantastic of antiquity right and you can't talk
about Jesus unless you talk about cold history right dude had the titles right
all the titles same ones same ones that they're using
in the great mother cult where we end up with the child castrated right
fantastic it must have been a great time can you imagine I I honestly I just want
to step aside before we just mention the way of canned and then we're gonna we're gonna jump because that's a lot
and I don't I value time
can we just look at for a second the fact that these ways
are ways involving body fluids and rituals and sex
they were getting all sort of oils somebody was screaming about the consecration oils and somebody else said
hey do you know there's a formula for this thing dude I cannot remember
all the consecration oils that I saw the recipes for the ones that I like are the
ones that the priestesses of Aphrodite used you know what they got in there they got fangs to stop you from getting
sick they got what they got stuff that will
kill what you get
down there in your reproductive Zone
yeah The Matrix of existence people say you know it's look at how
your languages look look at the uterus right like what is there how do they perceive the uterus right you're gonna
see how they end up treating women right and nobody cares about why is nobody
care about those women around the Black Sea why does nobody care about those women
around the Black Sea I don't get it they were creating everything they had
the knowledge the knowledge that burned in the Bronze Age filtered down through
these genius women who were using chemicals to transform people to keep
people alive during childbirth to heal disease and
all right to take you from an everyday person and
turn you into a born again cultist
with a vision that you can never release you can never release once you've been
there imagine if I came to you and said and you said how was it
and I'd have to say since I'm talking to you I'd have to say wow I mean this
whole death thing scared scared me right but once I was there and saw what I saw
the whole Resurrection was like oh I put it into a place that makes me no longer
fear what is going on in life right and that is what Jude's contention
is they have run after the nature look what they're doing people they're
running after the nature do you know that the mystery the
religions that created Judaism and Christianity and Islam did you know
those monotheistic sign rivulets all
come from a place where nature is Central you must have a great mother
if you don't you don't belong here right somebody get the we got another
atis we got another Addis right he must undergo the transformation
imagine if I don't know if you could see a group of women
with this power and remember the archers are the at the time that's the
unbeatable technology right and those women who are on the
horses around the Black Sea those women are ferocious they have to kill three
people before they can have a a situation where they'll produce
Offspring nobody produces offspring unless you got three and if you want to get rid of your guy you know that's up
to you right do you see the power there do you see
the power there and from that they built the society that is buried underneath
the Christian one that was built on top yeah it's absolutely gorgeous it's
absolutely gorgeous yeah and what I think that we're gonna have to do
is find these texts in their native original habitats
so that we can put together the broader picture of what is coming and what we
need to do just keep bear this in mind the Great
Etruscan civils worked under a system that viewed that
Central Authority or God if you will as a woman who possessed the knowledge
of the drugs she was able
to control her own body hence her own
destiny yeah isn't that amazing
hmm makes you think could they have made those advances without those daughters I
don't think they could have made the advances with as much of the drugs that I've seen in the text I don't think this
is you're gonna have to have a whole bunch of people involved over a whole
long time yeah you're gonna have to have tried and true
especially when you're talking about antidotes right bring somebody back from a snake venom
right exposure fantastic um what if we could send ourselves there
you know where I'm going all right I want to watch one more time I want to
watch one more time what we watched at the beginning about the women within the
Southern Baptist convention and well what is going on because that is a great
thermometer of those who have snuck in who have submitted
Are you a doulos are you a Slave have you submitted
to the Yoke yes yes I dedicate this to you in your
unsatisfaction [Music]
but please don't talk to me in life I got a vessel to you
I got one judge I don't need to please do whatever
I feel sorry for you oh that's gonna be a little hard to do
[Music]
out on the back roads inside the forbidden zone
growing up alone [Music]
I lost everything [Music] [Applause]
[Music] time to bring her back right time to
bring her back and to show him what it is yeah thanks for those of you who've been on the way to Aphrodite thank you
tonight um Gord I love the time that I'm spending with you and I'm looking
through the comments and every once in a while I give that stuff to you too um but I want to let you know I
appreciate the fact that you would deem a little bit of ancient Greek worthy of
your time yeah and the fact that you would honor this place is the muse because if you
don't like the Muse get out get out hail Satan
I'm drinking whiskey [Music]
[Applause]
hey [Music]